custom domain: update wording for clarity (#66)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/custom-domains.md

# Custom domains

> Your docs are hosted on Bump.sh. However you can set a custom domain: visitors of your docs will then stay within your own name. For this, you'll use a CNAME.

Reviewer: What bothers you here? I don't feel like it is much clear, however maybe we could just be pragmatic and explain just the how?

```suggestion
While [Bump.sh](http://bump.sh/) hosts your docs using a bump.sh domain, you can also set a custom domain quickly by setting a given CNAME.
```

3. Enter your custom domain.

> 4. Click **Update global settings**.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a screenshot of this ?
